Programming isn't just about getting in front of a computer and writing code.
There are syntax and rules to follow best practices and lots of thought involved.
We also have to learn how to handle errors and know what they mean and how to fix them and more.
So we've included quizzes at the end of most of the sections in this course.
The quizzes are for you to see how well you can apply the concepts presented in each section and to
reinforce the material presented.
Some questions are easy and some are more difficult.
I urge you to go through the quizzes I think you'll find them challenging but still fun.
Each quiz has 10 questions and there are multiple choice and fill in the blank type questions.
The quizzes are more concept oriented where the section challenge exercises are more code oriented.
But sometimes the quiz questions may ask you about a specific piece of code and what you think it displays.
I hope you find the quizzes as well as the challenge exercises useful for your learning experience.
Ok frank enough talk let's get started learning C++.